[Music]
well well my goodness the afternoon that
Raquel Mosquera is giving and the beating that she
is giving to Rocío Carrasco the
Caraquistas and the Fuchsia Tide are
completely outraged because the
truth is that she is leaving her
shivering no let's not forget that Raquel
Mosquera is a person who has gone through
psychiatric problems and that the
Caraquistas or rather the feminists are
insulting her and beating her up in every
way possible because she is leaving her
arguments empty and destroying the house of
cards of the one who is her idol no Rocío
Carrasco no Raquel Mosquera has said that
just like Rocío Carrasco she is
beating her chest that her mother said that
what she wanted most was what she gave birth to what she
wants most is whatever she
gave birth to let's see if she applies herself to
the story and takes care of her own and applies herself to the story no that she wins the affection of her children she does not have it this phrase seems brutal and devastating to me and sincerely I do not take away from her reason or rather there is really nothing in it
world that can be loved more than
children, how can there be someone who doesn't
do anything to see them? I find
this phrase incredible and devastating. I'll be
asking you what you think. I send you
a huge hug and until the next
video, family.
[Music]